Adding a new role for marketplace apps (#5815)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/service-tokens.md

**Billing Admin** <br/>
Billing Admin service tokens have certain account-level permissions.  For more on these permissions, see [Billing Admin](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#billing-admin).

> **Marketplace app** <br/>

Author: ```suggestion
**Manage marketplace apps** <br/>
```

> Used only for apps on the marketplace (for example, the [Snowflake Native app](/docs/cloud-integrations/snowflake-native-app)). 

Author: ```suggestion
Used only for service tokens assigned to marketplace apps (for example, the [Snowflake Native app](/docs/cloud-integrations/snowflake-native-app)). 
```
